add example for components folder in react/folder structure (#148)
infinum/frontend-handbook: React/Project structure.md

When adding `components` folder, you basically extracting smaller chunks of your main component that are not going to be used anywhere else, only in that component.

Note: There _should_ be only one level of `components` folder inside the component folder.

Example:

> In this example we have `MainTable` component that has a unique header component that should be places inside `/components` folder because it has some styles, translations and an icon.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this example we have the `MainTable` component that has a unique header component that should be placed inside the `/components` folder because it has some styles, translations and an icon.
```

```jsx
export const TableHeader: FC<FlexProps> = (props) => {
  const { t } = useTranslation();
  return (
    <Flex align="center" p={20} {...props}>
      <Heading size="md" colorScheme="secondary" as="h3">
        {t("table.title")}
      </Heading>
      <Button
        leftIcon={<ArrowForwardIcon />}
        colorScheme="teal"
        variant="solid"
      >
        {t("table.viewAll")}
      </Button>
    </Flex>
  );
};
```

> Folder structure should look something like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The folder structure should look something like this:
```
